README.md, before:

# My Portfolio Project

This is my personal portfolio website, designed in Figma and coded with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It showcases my outside projects, work in the community, and experience in UX/UI design. 

## Features
- Home page with a breif introduction
- Contact page with the necessary information to reach out to me
- About page that covers my history
- Major page about why I am studying UXID at Drexel University
- Resume Page which will give users a PDF of my resume, and a gallery of my work
- Experiance page of projects I have worked on that are relevant to design and user experience

## Tools Used
- Figma for creating the wireframes and providing a guiding structure that organizes all of my content
- VS Code where I bring the wireframe to life in a browser
- Git & Github to save my project and allow all changes to be logged, documented, and observable by my peers.

## How to View 
Open 'index.html' in a browser, or visit my live site here: 
[Portfolio Live Demo] (https://Idm221-ays-37prog.github.io/portfolio)

## Screenshots
When further developed, I will add images of my site here for quick previews

![Portfolio Homepage Screenshot](images/screenshot.png)

Commit message:

Fixed blurry image quality, compressed some images, changed logo font, updated readme
Fixed Dakota image to slightly better quality, reduced kb file size of other images, removed paperus font and used blade, edited readme file.

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio Project

This is my personal portfolio website, designed in Figma and coded with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
This portfolio showcases my artistic and UX/UI capabilities. 
It is designed for small screens and showcases my background, studiowork, resume, and my UX projects.

## Features
- Home page with an introduction and my background 
- Contact page with the necessary information to contact me
- Studio work page that showcasess my favorite pieces of art I made in highschool 
- Resume Page that showcases my work experience and accomplishments 
- Projects page which shows my entrepreneurial endeavors and UX/UI case studies

## Tools Used
- Figma for creating the wireframes and providing a guiding structure that acts as a blueprint for me to follow
- VS Code where I bring the wireframe to life in a browser
- Code languages used: HTML and CSS
- Github to push changes up publically and track all version history.

## How to View 
Open 'index.html' in a browser, or visit my live site here: (https://Idm221-ays-37prog.github.io/portfolio)

## Images
My images
